= TapeWorm Fork of the libYAML Library by Kirill Simonov

This repository is, essentially, the same as the upstream C libYAML
library, hosted at http://pyyaml.org/wiki/LibYAML. The intention is
to keep this library as close as possible to the upstream version,
adding tweaks only where needed by TapeWorm. Most of these tweaks
improve the portability of certain files, by integrating into the CMake
based build system of Tapeworm.

Our version of the C YAML library is not intended as a stand-alone
library (unlike the excellent foundations). If you want a stand-alone
version go to the original source. This version exists principally to
make it easier to re-use the work done on libYAML within Tapeworm. 

== Original README

LibYAML - A C library for parsing and emitting YAML.

To build and install the library, run:
$ ./configure
$ make
# make install

If you checked the source code from the Subversion repository, run
$ ./bootstrap
$ ./configure
$ make
# make install

For more information, check the LibYAML homepage:
'http://pyyaml.org/wiki/LibYAML'.

Post your questions and opinions to the YAML-Core mailing list:
'http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/yaml-core'.

Submit bug reports and feature requests to the LibYAML bug tracker:
'http://pyyaml.org/newticket?component=libyaml'.

LibYAML is written by Kirill Simonov <xi@resolvent.net>.  It is released
under the MIT license.  See the file LICENSE for more details.

This project is developed for Python Software Foundation as a part of
Google Summer of Code under the mentorship of Clark Evans.

== Updating

Updates to this library should be pulled from the upstream libYAML
Subversion repository. With `git-svn` you should be able to do

  git-svn fetch

to get the latest version of the upstream code. You may need to do

  git-svn init http://svn.pyyaml.org/libyaml/branches/stable

if Git has forgotten where the repository is.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2006-2011, Kirill Simonov
Copyright (c) 2011 David Love. 

See LICENSE for further details.

